readme.md, before:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------CODING CHALLENGE-----------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Configure the Database Parameters in the Controllers/DatabaseController.php file.  You should be able to set all of the database parameters with the exception of the server in the environment with:

DB_USERNAME
DB_PASSWORD
DATABASE

The Migrations Script randomly generates a 1002 users and 2 games with random names, birthdates/dates of death, etc.  New games can be added under the Add/Edit/Update Games page.

In regards to Problem 1: 

Sorting Years by most living players can be viewed under the statistics page.

In regards to Problem 2:

player_id, coins_won, coins_bet, lifetime_spins, lifetime_average_return, and all of the other player specs can be viewed on the View Players page.  

I'm having fun with it, but unfortunately, I wasn't entirely sure what all you wanted me to do with all of those values in the second problem.  Also, I'm kind of running short on time with this due to other client projects, so that's about as far as I got with the second one.  Let me know if you have any questions.

Commit message:

readme.md updating with hardcoded username & password

readme.md, after:

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
-----------------------------------------CODING CHALLENGE-----------------------------------------
--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Configure the Database Parameters in the Controllers/DatabaseController.php file.  You should be able to set all of the database parameters with the exception of the server in the environment with:

DB_USERNAME
DB_PASSWORD
DATABASE

A Default Hardcoded Username and Password are:

Username: JDoe
Password: password

The Migrations Script randomly generates a 1002 users and 2 games with random names, birthdates/dates of death, etc.  New games can be added under the Add/Edit/Update Games page.

In regards to Problem 1: 

Sorting Years by most living players can be viewed under the statistics page.

In regards to Problem 2:

player_id, coins_won, coins_bet, lifetime_spins, lifetime_average_return, and all of the other player specs can be viewed on the View Players page.  

I'm having fun with it, but unfortunately, I wasn't entirely sure what all you wanted me to do with all of those values in the second problem.  Also, I'm kind of running short on time with this due to other client projects, so that's about as far as I got with the second one.  Let me know if you have any questions.
